[Music] let's
see d about the controversial rewind d about
the controversial rewind Dallas has also given
his opinion I don't know if he will do it I don't know if he will make a
video The truth It would be good if he
made a video let's be honest make
a Hispanic rewind and leave out almost
the entire Latino community a little
reminder in Spain there are more than 40
million I think it's 44 million
people in all of America there are more than 500
million if it's going to be a rewind and you only
represent Less than 10% of Hispanics it's because
you're stupid also let me explain this
garbage guy Alex in his day he
was also one of those who was slanderous in
terrible ways on social networks and even in
his first rewinds m about this I made
a video let's see about this I would swear he
had a video dude check it out Dallas mol
hated Dallas before the re let's see a
video Look from two
years ago a reference to this in the rewin
Since in the 2017 rewin deleted from his
channel he did not hesitate to say look at this
when he didn't have a mic today This was a few
days that  he broke my mic And I was
waiting for
this to arrive today we made reference
to these
days Here this deleted video
pod vrg
buo michu that's good in a way let's see we ca
n't blame him for this
because it is true that at that
time people praised Wi michu Okay Yes,
wimu is put as the winner That is
true, I mean, event, not the Tablet
and video s was a hater of Dallas Ah look, he
shared the video That's Dallas there he
has a deleted tet he messed with Dallas
there he made a parody against Dallas Yes yes
Look parody of D he made Ah It would be good to get
this back you look he made parodies of
Dallas Shrek My Dallas Story I mean he
made a lot of videos eh against Dallas What a
shame it's a bug for those who
complain that I uploaded it for a few
dollars look look at the
video he had a video eh against Dallas the
return to col that nonsense two brats and
a poor dog I have lost my mind about
something and I'm telling you the whole truth Look he
liked the tweet of I mean he liked
miare's video that he had lost his mind dude he
hasado the  okay
look not as a mockery not as if this
is a path that has to go up okay
because it is downhill I was a
hater so little I was a hater so little okay but more than a hater more than a hater it was for sucking the balls of the youtubers who were against Dallas My name is Antonia welcome to wismichu's trial now Let's begin What happened to the stones in this live that by the
way to this day he has made a
great effort to hide dasas was
answering questions from his fans well
eh Sorry for having been there for a moment
when suddenly the sound
of
breaking glass was heard What do you say about this
Dallas complete lie something that Add
auron's henchmen Mario goes up the
path you beat him up Bas Argos
another lie for the bag and
about the subject Ah I can't I can't
say it I can't say it go I've had
the trial Dallas so without further ado until
tomorrow tomorrow you have The Good look Win
michu against Dallas parodying your
comments srek My history with Dallas well he had
things the cool Alex  eh
against Dallas eh What a shame that they can't
all be recovered eh a character
who was able to accompany the
biggest harassment campaign that was carried out against me
between 2016 and 2018 and many of those who
appear in the rewind the same garbage
is the same same thing that we
complained about in the back are pure cronyism
That is true man I have already
said it before a fair rewind would be to take the
top 100 views of
global Hispanic youtuber for example a
100% objective factor and without room for cronyism
but that's how they go they want to fight against
corruption and they become more corrupt
than YouTube itself is that they do not want to
fight against corruption That has been
the mantra and the argument that they have used
to put people in their pockets
but in reality he wants to fill his own
pockets the cool Alex Although I have
said it, it does not surprise me because the guy who
creates it did those things and many of those
who appear did not hesitate to participate in the
harassment campaign that they did to me Thank you very much
Mauro for the five
handsome member So also personally I am
glad  that during this last year
people have been able to see the level of
garbage that is the elite Yes the truth is that
yes d If you had the opportunity to
participate in a river you would do it if
a neutral person did it and told the
truth it is not much effort and would never
collaborate well with certain people
at most I would do a rewind of controversy
that would be better I do not need to go to
rewine or to the hland awards or their dead
in vinegar to know that I am
doing well let them wipe their asses
between them If their ego is so fragile I do
not
need it and pan America according to the scoundrel put
more things the Dallas eh against the scoundrel
put more things I already knew that the scoundrel
Hispanic was going to be [ __ ] [ __ ] what I did
not expect is that people also
think that it is [ __ ] [ __ ] first time that
popular opinion and I coincide
fake streamers seeing
each other's asses nothing new to see around here
totally there are many dislikes yes it
is true that in the end it will always
have more likes than dislikes because of the fact
that well because of the fact that
very big youtuber participate with
many fandoms that are going to applaud the
ruine and are going to see it very well because of the
fact that it is there, its their youtuber
no but yes yes the truth is that this year there has
been a certain mob against the
rewind, a certain disappointment it has been seen that there have
been many people who have
not liked it
[Music]